[Music]
hey what's up guys happy here today I'm
joined here by Kelly and she's gonna
show us the top five photo locations at
to higher University she's a famous
Instagram answer she's got this I'm not
famous
he's pretty famous okay in addition to
that she's also gonna show us some
posing tips so we know how to look good
in their photos exactly so by the end of
today I am going to teach how to how to
become a professional male motto right -
that's gonna be a hard one watch are you
up for the challenge yes you are then
let's go start off with the old gate so
can you tell me a little bit about this
so now can you give me a Posey okay fire
gates that sounds pretty boring right
but actually there are some things that
you can do you can get some motions
where you are posing with her legs kind
of in a walking motion you can pose like
as if you were standing in a cool way
you can kneel down you can even sit down
on the ground they're all in from the
gates and these will all make for a
really good shot okay so we're here at
the Chinua Art Museum
perfect yeah so I think closing
confident really good conference first
try it's important to not be in a
situation where you're kind of letting
yourself and I loose you want to look
relaxed you don't wanna be as
constructed which is why I'm telling
them to keep it back up keep your head
up and you don't want to have all your
arms and legs being the same motion so
you want to switch it up a little bit
maybe one arm on a chair maybe you want
arm down head you can look at the camera
you can look away the pencil will come
feeling you want to show John Wow
I learned a lot okay let's go to the
next location give me another tip
proposing so one tip I don't know how
well it's gonna work for guys but for
girls I always tell them to tippy toe to
make sure your legs look like they're a
lot longer and it also emphasizes
they're like busing so tippy toe hasu
both what if I'm together Bruin both a
little bit of a crisscross yep see if
you can balance like that balancing this
feels I don't know what you're doing no
your best angles you know what is this
side or this side he's got some work to
do yeah look at it so tippy toe you look
taller and then you look stronger tippy
toe yeah
you look taller your leg wants it more
defined and you can look straight at the
camera but you can also tilt your head a
little bit this way this way
this way you can look at the camera or
you can look at different directions
change of outfits brand new day yeah
they got way too hot yesterday so we
took a little break and now we're back
in the morning
8 a.m. we got this dedication so right
now we're at Shifu West Lake and this is
like a whole park area with lotus plants
with flowers with temples which we're
gonna go to later and great over a hot
photo location look at this it's like
one of those movies you like peek behind
the thing you know okay okay let's get
to taking photos great so some more tips
I have on how to pose in a place like
this that's very serene and peaceful
will be to just let your body relax much
as possible let yourself be fluid and
loose so it's that pose in a way where
you're looking kind of cool looking down
at the camera in a place like this you
want the camera angle to be either
directly towards you or maybe from the
up down so that you're sitting down in
capturing the camera can capture you as
well as your surroundings some good
ideas would be to have your arm
underneath your underneath longer elbows
a hands underneath your change looking
to the side looking
slowly taking a stroll Janos nice Ken -
Kenneth shots in sitting on the benches
reading a bug you can totally use props
at a plate like this maybe strong boost
fruit of flowers or running your fingers
through the leaves are dangling down
these are all really great ideas for a
plate like that alright we just arrived
at the temple it is white study what
[Music]
out by the other way
when they're sitting down you want to do
Britany much more in one direction than
their natural
is it that way Arnie worth of little bit
more emotion and they can release your
body language